processor/datadogprocessor: improve docs (#17539)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/datadogprocessor/README.md

The Datadog Processor can be used to compute Datadog APM Stats pre-sampling. For example, when using the [tailsamplingprocessor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/tailsamplingprocessor#tail-sampling-processor) or [probabilisticsamplerprocessor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/probabilisticsamplerprocessor) components, the `datadogprocessor` can be prepended into the pipeline to ensure that Datadog APM Stats are accurate and include the dropped traces.

## Usage

> To use the Datadog Processor, simply prepend it into a pipeline before any sampling processor. The Datadog Processor will compute APM Stats on all spans that it sees. In most conditions it requires no configuration. Here is an example on how to apply it to a configuration using the [probabilisticsampler](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/probabilisticsamplerprocessor):

Reviewer: nit: small rewording to simplify

```suggestion
To use the Datadog Processor, simply prepend it into a pipeline before any sampling processor. The Datadog Processor will compute APM Stats on all spans that it sees. Here is an example on how to add it to a pipeline using the [probabilisticsampler](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/probabilisticsamplerprocessor):
```

<table>
<tr>
<td> Before </td> <td> After </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

```yaml
# ...
processors:
  # ...
  probabilistic_sampler:
    sampling_percentage: 20

exporters:
  datadog:
    api:

>       key: ${DD_API_KEY}

Reviewer: see #17299

```suggestion
      key: ${env:DD_API_KEY}
```

service:
  pipelines:
    metrics:
      receivers: [otlp]
      processors: [batch]
      exporters: [datadog]
    traces:
      receivers: [otlp]
      processors: [batch, probabilistic_sampler]
      exporters: [datadog]
```

</td><td valign="top">

```yaml
# ...
processors:
  # ...
  probabilistic_sampler:
    sampling_percentage: 20
  # add the "datadog" processor definition
  datadog:

exporters:
  datadog:
    api:

>       key: ${DD_API_KEY}

Reviewer: see #17299
```suggestion
      key: ${DD_API_KEY}
```
